---
author: Otohits Webmaster
title: Newsletter - Application update
date: 2014-10-22
tags:
    - Newsletter
    - Application
---

_This is a copy of an old Othits newsletter_

A new version of the application is ready. It will bring a lot of new features:
- It will now support random user-agent. The current version use a Chrome user-agent. The new version will use a different user-agent for each visit. If you don't want a random user-agent you will have the possibility to add yours! Like overriding the referer, you will be able to add a list of user-agent for each of your website. This is a big improvement as it will provide a way to generate more legit visits, you could add mobile user-agent for example.
- It will have an automatic update feature and an automatic login option. This is a great news for those who deploy the application on multiple instances. the application will download the update and reconnect after it.
- A portable version will be added. It will have the minimum requirement and download the latest version on the first launch. You will be able to put the application wherever you want on your PC.

Please notice that when this version will come out, the current version will still continue to work but for a limited amount of time (1 week).

The new version will be available this Sunday at 16:00 GMT. The website will maybe be unavailable few minutes and you will maybe need to reconnect.

Few updates have been made on the past 2 weeks. Bugs have been fixed and performance improvements have been made.
The really good news is we reached 500 active surfers at any time of the day and we generate more than 1.5 million visits per day.

As usual, thank you all for your participation and hello to all the members who joined us recently.

Have a good surf.